Add clarification on package managers x64 support;add manual install … (#16246)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/sdk.md

You can install the .NET Core SDK with many of the common Linux package managers. For more information, see [Linux Package Manager - Install .NET Core](linux-package-managers.md).

> Installing with a package manager is only supported on the x64 architecture. If you're installing the .NET Core Runtime with a different architecture, such as ARM, follow the [Download and manually install](#download-and-manually-install) instructions below. For more information about what architectures are supported, see [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](dependencies.md).

Reviewer: Same feedback as before re. below

Also, If you're installing the .NET Core Runtime... isn't this about SDK?

```

> [!TIP]

> > The above `export` commands will only make the .NET SDK commands available for the terminal session in which it was run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The preceding `export` commands only make the .NET Core SDK commands available for the terminal session in which it was run.
```

Reviewer: Also, should you say .NET Core CLI commands or is it really SDK commands?
